circuit	['sә:kit]
	n. 电路；回路；巡回

casually	['kæʒjuәli]
	adv. 偶然地，临时地，随便地

Programmers casually refer to a memory address as the way to access the contents of a memory cell. But when dealing with 80x86 microprocessors, we have to dstinguish three kinds of addresses:
程序员偶尔会引用内存地址作为访问内存单元内容的一种方式，

embody	[im'bɒdi]
	vt. 具体表达，使具体化；具体表现

displacement	[dis'pleismәnt]
	n. 第三偏移动，移位，取代，置换

Logical address 逻辑地址
	Included in the machine language instructions to specify the address of an operand or of an instruction. This type of address embodies the well-known 80x86 segmented architecture that forces MS-DOS and Windows programmers to divide their programs into segments. Each logical address consists of a segment and an offset (or displacement) that denotes the distance from the start of the segment to the actual address.
	包含在机器语言指令中用以指定一个操作数或一条指令的地址。这种地址在著名的80x86分段结构中表现的尤为具体，它推动MS-DOS和Windows程序员把程序分成若干段。每个逻辑地址包含一个段和一个偏移量(移位)，偏移量指明段起始到实际地址的距离。

Linear address (also known as Virtual Address)
	A single 32-bit unsigned integer that can be used to address up to 4 GB that is, up to 4,294,967,296 memory cells. Linear addresses are usually represented in hexadecimal notation; their values range from 0x00000000 to 0xffffffff.
	一个简单的32位无符号整数，它可以用来寻址4GB，也就是4,294,967,296个内存单元。线性地址通常用十六进制表示；它们的值从0x00000000到0xffffff。

Physical address
	Used to address memory cells in memory chips. They correspond to the electrical signals sent along the address pins of the microprocessor to the memory bus. Physical addresses are represented as 32-bit or 36-bit unsigned integers.
	用于内存芯片寻址。它们对应到微处理器地址引脚发送到内存总线上的电信号。物理地址由32位或36位无符号整数表示。

The Memory Management Unit (MMU) transforms a logical address into a linear address by means of a hardware circuit called a segmentation unit; subsequently a second hardware circuit called a paging unit transforms the linear address into a physical address.
内存管理单元(MMU)通过一种叫做分段单元的硬件电路把逻辑地址转换成线性地址；接着第二个叫做分页单元的硬件电路把线性地址转换成物理地址。

	Logical address --[Segmentation Unit]--> Linear address --[Paging Unit]--> Physical address

arbiter ['ɑ:bitә]
	n. 仲裁人，仲裁者，公断人；［计］判优程序
memory arbiter
	内存仲裁器
A hardware called memory arbiter
